doc: improve concepts page (#2)
cloudnative-pg/cnpg-i-hello-world: doc/concepts.md

### Identity

The Identity interface declares the features supported by the plugin, and is the only interface that needs to be always
implemented.

This information is crucial for the operator to discover the plugin's
capabilities during startup.

It exposes:

> - A way for the Plugin to report readiness probe. The readiness is a requirement ot receiving events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A way for the plugin to report readiness probe. The readiness is a requirement to receive events.
```

It is expected that the plugins always report back the most accurate readiness data available.

> - The Plugin reported capabilities, that will dictate which subsequent calls the plugin will receive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The plugin reported capabilities, that will dictate which subsequent calls the plugin will receive.
```
